Work 

A very good morning to each one of you present here today . I’m fortunate enough to get the opportunity to introduce myself today. My name is Raj Kumar Singh , an undergrad student pursuing final semester of BTech from NIET in CSE (specialisation in IOT) . Currently I’m working as an MDM intern at Genpact under MANAGER NAME. Life here so far has been for real challenging yet exciting at the same time coz the college to corporate transformation has really proved it all . This has resulted in in enhancing and polishing my abilities of being adaptable, organised and Confident. 
Considering my achievements so far in my almost ending college life gives a pretty cool insight about myself. I’ve been the Android Lead in GDSC club of my college ; I’ve participated and made it to the the top 3 teams of hardware edition for SIH 2022 ; also I’ve won 1st prize for team project competition of college for my exceptional idea of “smart attendance system”. Apart from winning , I’ve lead my team for my first internship at The Homians , a startup company in greater Noida , as android developer . Considering the number of group projects I’ve done  or team wins I’ve had , I call myself as a team player who’s legit fun to work with . My hobbies include playing football and UNO ,even tho I may not win in uno every time but I’m pretty rad at it . Watching Netflix even with the stress of having exams next day has made me work effortlessly and efficiently even under pressure. I’m looking forward to start a great career and I’m glad that genpact has provided me that opportunity for which I’ll prove it to be quite worthy. My ability to meet deadlines can be considered a weakness as the amount of stress I put in is apparent enough. And to recover from it , I’m working on meditating daily along with doing some skincare . I aspire to be have a fulfilled life and for short term goals , I would love to see myself at a manegerial positing in coming 4-5 years . Hope to have a great time here . Thankyou for your patience